And to everybody in the universe who's trying to set their clock by Gigaohm Biological,
I will not apologize, but I empathize with your frustration.
I will not apologize, but I do empathize with your frustration.
If I could get a sound check from Pamela, please, that would be very wonderful.
How are you today?
I hope you're doing well.
Can I get a sound check from anybody there?
Did anybody see that come up?
I'll come up one more time.
Did anybody...
We're good.
Sounds good.
Okay.
I'm going to go with it.
Then, thank you.
You scheduled for 60 minutes next.
It's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
It's going to get bounced, but I want to tell a story, so I guess I'm going to play this
song anyway.
It's going to get cut, but I know there's a lot of people in the audience already who
know what I'm talking about, so I'm just going to play this tune to open it up and let
them block the audio when we run it back.
This one's for Nate.
It's going to get cut, but it's going to get cut, but it's going to get cut, but it's
going to get cut, but it's going to get cut, but it's going to get cut, but it's going
to get cut, but it's going to get cut, but it's going to get cut, but it's going to
get cut, but it's going to get cut, but it's going to get cut, but it's going to get
cut.
This song is by a band called The Freddie Jones Band and They Are From Chicago.
When Nathan and I were going to college together at Jepal University in Chicago, these guys
used to play at the Cubby Bear.
The Cubby Bear had a deal on Thursday nights, I think it was Thursday nights, that was $5
at the door, and you got beer, band, and burgers.
And I mean all of it as much as you wanted.
And this was the band that played there
quite often for B cubed.
And it just seemed absurd.
I mean, you could carry a pitcher of beer
back to your table with like a plate of burgers.
And this dude was pulling this off for $5.
For $5, I can tell you we didn't always remember
how we got home from this night.
Some of the most amazing, carefree times of my life
shared with that guy who died on December 3rd
from this horrible narrative.
Ahem.
We're all gonna lose good friends from this, you know.
It's gonna happen to all of us.
And Nathan's family's going through a lot more
than any of his friends are,
and all of his friends are going through what I'm going.
I'm not some kind of special guy.
Nathan changed hundreds of people's lives.
And now you've gotta think about all the fathers
that have been lost.
All the fathers, all the moms, all the kids.
This is big time, ladies and gentlemen.
And maybe I haven't been vocal and angry enough
because I haven't had anybody go, you know, yet.
But if I haven't been, then,
and anyone's ever felt this respect,
then, you know, here it is.
I apologize because it is really something extraordinary
that they've done to us.
As societies, as families, as communities,
and if we're gonna break out of this,
every one of us is gonna have to find the courage
to step up.
And we're not gonna be able to watch this happen on TV, guys.
We're really not.
I'm a patch clamp physiologist.
That means I was an academic biologist.
This is gigo and biological
because I used to make gigo home seals for a living.
I don't need to explain that now.
We're trying to figure out how to get through this Scooby-Doo.
We have been fooled into believing
that there is a mystery to solve
and that we are teenagers who were smart enough to solve it.
And we've gotta reawaken to the idea that we've been played.
A lot of us actually need to be,
for the first time in our lives,
need to be awakened to the fact that we've been played.
And this is a very big truth to accept.
And so it might not be the best way to start
with everything that you know is a lie,
but instead, start with some specific things.
And that's what I think we are trying to do
with this narrative about a faith
or this narrative about a unquestionable doctrine,
about a novel virus that killed millions,
but millions more were saved from
that might have been gain of function
because gain of function is real
and therefore a virus will come again.
This idea is not questioned.
And in fact, I think people that have been working
with gigo home biological,
we've all come to the conclusion
that really they intended for this to be the conclusion
that we all came to at the end of this fiasco.
And so if we can start to, oops,
that's a slide in progress, I apologize for that.
If we can figure out how to erase this idea
from our friends and family
that these are all sources of pandemic potential
from laboratories to genetic stitching,
then we might be able to save them from this
because this illusion of a worst case scenario
is what is gonna trap most of the people
who think, well, okay, maybe this wasn't that one,
but these people are doing gain of function.
We've gotta stop them from doing this
before the real worst case scenario happens.
And so even that urgent need
or urgent, that intuition that we have to step up
to that part of the mythology
is also playing directly into this goal of theirs,
which is to get us to accept that there was a novel virus
and that one could come again.
And so we've gotta be very careful
because we've really, I think, succinctly identified this
as the trap.
And the curious thing is, is that in a lot of ways,
the no virus people, even as late as,
well, very late in the narrative,
did they also come to this conclusion
where they started to say that gain of function
is a mythology, but not very early on.
I would suggest anybody that wants to do the research
should start to go through month by month
of what Sam Bailey was doing, for example.
And I think you'll find that not only is there
a pretty consistent lack of progress,
but when they make progress,
they're always making progress behind us.
And it's basically just trying to absorb what we say
so that they can still claim that they're farther along
on this no virus path than we are and ridicule us
based on our inability to make the progress
to understand their farewell of virology document
and its significance.
So this inlusion of consensus, I think,
is something we are really starting to penetrate,
something we are starting to break.
I feel like even though we might all still feel
a little bit like we're trapped in the car,
I do think it's also possible
that this repetitive discussion starts
to make the sort of boundaries of this cognitive prison
that we've been put in, it makes those boundaries
very visible, very, very tangible.
And so the new world order that they're trying to assemble
around us is coming together really quickly on all forms,
but it's this central dogma that we've really got to attack
because everything else pivots from it
and everything else requires it.
They're not gonna be able to get us on digital currency
without another crisis.
They're not gonna be able to get us to take digital ID
I guess unless they start giving away free money
and even then, anyway, I don't wanna wax too intellectual
about that, only to say that I think we can still
make a lot of progress.
There are still people who I think are probably
trying to do the right thing,
or maybe already knew that they weren't doing the right thing,
but are just looking for the right window
through which to step and admit that they made mistakes.
And so I wanna give a lot of people the benefit of the doubt.
Unfortunately, this week I got blocked by Robert Malone
It was since I got my, I was briefly off Twitter
when I got reinstated.
Yeah, I was able to look at his tweets
and it's not really been a problem,
but apparently now I've said something.
And so yesterday I just wanted to cover sort of a dress again
yesterday I looked at a video
where Joseph Mercola interviewed Nurse Aaron
and some people kind of responded with a little bit of
let's say they were a little defensive of Joe.
And I appreciate that.
And I just wanted to say very quickly
that I didn't intend for that to be much of a inspection
of Joe and his position,
although I would suspect given his status
before the pandemic, he would have been somebody who
in some way or another would have been a notice
as to being careful and whatever.
So the fact that in August of 2020
he was still thinking there was a virus is not very crazy
because guess who else was, I was.
So let's not, I don't wanna at all in any way shape or form
think that that video is a critique of him.
It was really about Nurse Aaron.
And so in order to make sure that we get that understood
I just thought I would remind everybody
in case you're not aware that Nurse Aaron
and Robert Malone are actually more connected
through video production than a podcast
with Joe Macolez.
I mean, that's two hours of work
but we're not talking about two hours of work here.
We're talking about a music video.
And so again,
what I very much want to encourage everyone to consider
especially if you've been actively engaged
in trying to understand for a very long time
to try and use that historical knowledge in your mind
to interrogate where these people were
in 2020, 2021, 2022.
If possible, go back to 2019.
Because I think what you will see is that
the way that these people not only didn't question
this narrative that's here in the middle,
this novel virus that killed millions
but knew that this novel virus would kill millions
before it had.
That's a very significant group of people to be in
because I'm not in that group.
A lot of people didn't speculate about the potential
that this virus had but a lot of people around this circle
did some of them knew astronomical numbers
could result and felt comfortable saying it.
So I think it's important that as we rearrange these pieces
and we start to think about, you know,
who can we move in the middle here?
Who can we organize around?
And who can we count on to amplify our messages
as we refine them versus who can we count on to mess with us?
Welcome to the chamois here, 2030.
Brought to you by Liza.
I hope you have your bug protein and VR goggles ready
as you sit there owning nothing
because you're in for a treat.
I mean, how many people think that's a good guy?
I mean, we'd like to believe he is, right?
It'd be great to believe he is.
But wait till you see how many people are in this video.
Come on, don't screw me up here tonight.
We have many celebrities in the house
that we tell you you care about
and they pretend to care about you
and they're definitely not mouthpieces
of their puppet masters used to promote
various vested interests.
Definitely not that.
So without further ado,
let's get into our first category.
In the best rap group of the year award goes to...
...street boys.
So what?
Nurse Aaron and Robert Malone
in a video of kind of a crappy rap group.
Now, I want you to think about,
I think again about what we know about Nurse Aaron now,
how we can really look back and see
that something wasn't right,
that she was likely a medler in New York City.
Think about what it means now,
that she's in this music video with Robert Malone.
This cannot be some kind of random thing
where the dissidents are getting together
to work together to fight this.
It's not possible.
Now what if somebody who was instrumental
in building up Tim Poole shows up on here?
What if two guys who are instrumental
in that sort of second tier of social media on YouTube
are on here?
What if...
Mm-mm.
Who's that?
Isn't that Luke something or other
who actually cut his teeth during 9-11?
Actually, I think he's attached to that weird guy.
Yeah, I mean, he's old school.
And he was on Tim Poole for a long time
and he's got his own show now.
And so this was co-opted indie media
from 10 years ago already.
So even if they're unwitting participants,
they're participating because they think
this is the cool kids room.
He's sitting next to Jill Glass Poole Malone
in a music rap video
with a guy who's dressed like a decrepit
Charles Swarkar or Klaus Schwab.
I want...
Just let your imagination run wild
and come up with normal reasons.
Where's Bobby Kennedy in this video?
Okay, he's a controlled op.
Why isn't he in there?
Maybe because he doesn't work for that group of people, right?
Maybe because he's not on that team, right?
Who else is going to be in this video?
Who else is on this team?
You'll enjoy having less
and then to trade the cap and natural reason
privileged or impressed
to all his to have sex
once you forget that, I said that.
So you've got droplets,
you actually have to wear a few masks
on your backside, on your rectum
because the drugs sound like coughs
so all in in, across the country across the world.
Look at this guy.
Go on the toilet and actually come up your toilet
and it actually gets you sick.
He's also another one of those...
Okay, what is this?
Right-wing...
Idiots.
You're not gonna exist!
he does stunts where he you know yells at people on the street like AOC sorry
about that but my point is is that what is what is he doing in this video why is
he here unless they're all on the same more or less on the same team right
funded by the same interests funded by the same weaponized piles of money but
the idea that Aaron is in the background that that Robert and Jill are in the
foreground think about this it's not the only one it's not the only video class
please welcome the new student Robert it's just it's not a one-off thanks for
the warm welcome teach it's lit no cap so what's happening here what is
happening here what is this other than a mockery of us you want to think it's
mocking the left and that's why the the very let's say unsophisticated might
share this as a mock of the left but what is it really it's a mocking of us
because this is not saving us from the pandemic yet these are supposed to be
people who were helping us with the pandemic so what it happened was in my
humble opinion is that it became about everything else it didn't become about
this about these people who were murdered and people said it was a mystery
virus but they were actually murdered and so the idea was to get your
attention and move you on to other things like rap videos about the left
with guys that are cross-dressing as teenage as teachers and Robert Malone's
playing a kid and I don't know what that video was about but that's exactly
what it was about because if we were serious about this if we were serious
about the people who have been murdered if we were serious about getting justice
for them and and and solving this crime if Robert Malone was serious about this
then he wouldn't be making music videos like that he wouldn't have time but he's
got time to fly all around the world go to Oslo and release his book in
Norwegian then stop by the Parliament and tell him how the Scooby-Doo is
progressing
the mystery virus cannot be equated to the excess deaths because the excess
deaths have come from do not resuscitate orders from the poor use of
ventilators the lack of antibiotics the poor use of steroids the deployment of
remdesivir medazalam etc the opioid deaths that have skyrocketed over the
last three years and are completely unaccounted for the death certificate
fraud and the things go the list goes on and on and on and this was all part of
it elaborate hoax because most likely the biosecurity state after investing
tens of millions of dollars and and decades in the research they realized
that coronaviruses and RNA viruses and DNA viruses were nothing that they could
really make into a useful bio weapon and so instead they told you a story about
it they studied the background they understood the background they understood
what was there they understood how the train moved and then they told you that
hey hey hey there's a pandemic and watch us help you and they have no effect on
the natural phenomenon whatever it is the background signal that they're lying
about the infectious clones that they're planting somewhere every once in a while
I don't know it's a crime I just know that RNA can't do it and so they needed
to make up all kinds of things for us to argue about instead they needed us to
argue about whether or not it was a novel virus and that everyone was
vulnerable and lots of people took that stance they needed to argue about whether
PCR and lateral flow testing were being overused or not or we should have had
them earlier they needed us to debate about whether or not hydroxychloroquine
and Ivermectin worked or not because that would make us think again that it's a
novel virus so we might need new things and then they added the financial
incentives then they added this home care elderly elderly home malfeasance where
they sent people back and they didn't give them any antibiotics but they had
pneumonia and they made us argue about like there's no virus or it's 5g or any
of these other distracting stories that in the end might be true in places but
in reality are all about confusion all about to get you to think that all the
people that are doing all this stuff and so and all these books are doing exactly
what this guy in the train is doing and nothing more and as long as they do it
coordinatedly and as long as they don't question the novel virus that killed
millions and millions more were saved from and they don't question gain of
function then the train illusion works and the grift goes on and the mythology
is preserved tomorrow in Parliament we've got a committee room from five till
seven for two hours I'm hosting a presentation by leading scientists who
are skeptical about the efficacy and safety of the vaccine we're going to
present solid evidence to an audience of MPs peers and the lobby journalists and
we're going to try and break the narrative of safe and effective once
and for all it'll be fascinating to see how the mainstream media respond to these
presentations they've all been invited as of every member of the House of Commons
and every member of the House of Lords I have the pleasure and the honor of
being invited to speak in Parliament tomorrow in support of Andrew Bridgion
these modified mRNA based products are not well-established vaccine technology
I think we can now all agree on that I can say personally that this is gene
therapy technology applied to vaccination because I made the original patent
disclosures I was involved deeply with the team that did the original reduction
to practice in mice that demonstrated that this would work back in 1989 and
1990 and it was explicitly a product of a gene therapy program and a gene
therapy lab so what are the risks associated with this well one thing
we've learned recently is these products are contaminated we can argue about
whether or not they meet the formal criteria for adulteration but they have
a significant fraction of unpurified DNA fragments that are included in the
product and historically regulatory agencies all through the world have
considered such DNA fragments to be a high risk for potential cancer and
genomic alterations and so once again I think we should be able to agree that
in general DNA fragment contamination is a risk and to just assure us cart
blanche that this risk is negligible is not acceptable in my opinion the
COVID vaccines were pretty much all risk and no benefit the risk of infection
went up the risk of hospitalization from COVID didn't change at all the risk
of death from COVID went up and the risk of death just all caused mortality went
up as well all due to the COVID vaccines they were perhaps the worst
intervention in all medical history we have censorship it's happening worldwide
people who are trying to tell the truth get censored we have immunity for the
drug companies and finally we have intimidation tactics things like job
loss or loss of credentials against doctors who are simply speaking the
truth the most skilled industry today at deploying this information is the
pharmaceutical industry and they've been doing this for decades to really any
safe cheap effective therapy that does not afford them obscene profits my life
has been drastically and irrevocably altered since I started to bring out what
is inconvenient science to that industry in the media I am called just the most
unpleasant adjectives fringe quack radical right wing and then always as a
misinformationist and it's it's so that people won't listen to me because they
don't want you to listen to me but of all the tactics the foundation of the
entire disinformation campaign against Ivermectin rests at the level of the
trialists and the journals who conducted really just about a handful of large
what are called rigorous high-quality randomized control trials and I will be
informing the MPs of numerous brazen actions taken in the design and conduct
of those trials to reach a result which showed that Ivermectin didn't work and
those trialists had to do innumerable things to suppress the evidence of
advocacy and I will tell you large part of the corruption was actually conducted
by researchers in the United Kingdom and I think the MPs are going to be quite
concerned to learn that it was at the University of Liverpool and Oxford where
two of the main bases of a corrupt trialists you can't misinform with facts and
the facts are very simple in 2002 the industrial complex of coronavirus began
with the filing of the patents in 2002 for the infectious replication defective
clone of coronavirus that was established by Ralph Berwick. Three short years later
at DARPA MITRE he actually announced a program called biohacking synthetic
coronavirus a bio warfare enabling technology those are not misinformation
that is not a conspiracy theory that's a fact it's pulled right off of Ralph
Berwick CV and if we look at the funding ever since then what we see is that the
manipulation of the model of coronavirus has been the basis for a very concerted
campaign to get to the point where in 2015 Peter Dashick said that to get the
public to increase its understanding for the need for a pan coronavirus vaccine
we needed to create a media hype event and that we would need to use that hype
to our advantage to get to the real issues his words investors will respond
if they see profit at the end of the process this was not an accident of
nature this was not a who could have seen it coming this was not a random event
that happened in Wuhan this is something where in 2016 Ralph Berwick and his team
published a paper that said the Wuhan Institute of Virology virus was and I
quote poised for human emergence this was not a set of random circumstances this
was not a set of random events and this is not a conspiracy and it's not
misinformation every word that I just stated is published in the proceedings
of the National Academy of Sciences and if we are now stating that quoting from
the National Academy of Sciences is misinformation then I'm guilty of that
but the fact of the matter is they said follow the science that's exactly what
we're doing and we're following the money behind the science and Britain can't
escape culpability because beginning in the 1960s what we actually saw was a
collaboration between the United States and the United Kingdom with the welcome
trust funding all of this nonsense in partnership ultimately with the Rockefeller
Foundation in the United States they decided to pick coronavirus as a model
of pathogen to use for social transformation and biological agent
dissemination so this is not a conspiracy this is not misinformation this is a
program that's been in place for over now 60 years none of us that are going to be
testifying are conspiracy theorists as we've been labeled in the press we're
just scientists physicians and data analysts that are asking questions seeking
the answers objectively recognizing that we have all been through a major
trauma over the last four years it's been four years now and suggesting that
Andrew Bridgion has been a canary in the coal mine he has been one of the few
courageous that have been willing to speak to the government here in Parliament
about these potential concerns and is seeking answers that's all we're asking
show us the data privately lots of MPs have come to me over the last 12
months and said Andrew you're you're absolutely over the target that's why
you're getting the flack keep going well now is the time for those MPs and
others to come and listen to what these experts the evidence they've got with
regard to the vaccine harms the excess deaths and bring this sorry affair to
an end quite honestly the public know and we now need our elected politicians to
get off the fence and look at the science and do the right thing for the
nation and indeed the world because if we can stop this anywhere it's going to
stop it everywhere
there were other people testifying but I just want to play what I think is
Robert Malone's testimony because I want you to hear it it's the audio is tough
so just bear with me I'm gonna adjust it on the fly here hopefully it'll work
thank you for that and now I'm looking forward to the moment so I'm Robert
Malone I'm a physician and scientist and I need to acknowledge that my
middle name is Wallace and Andrew has assured me that I will not be drawing
quarter for what I've got to say first off I wish to speak there is an unmet
need for a rapid response capability to allow a global capacity to mitigate
the risks of emerging infectious disease and engineering pathogens that is a
valid concern the technology has developed to the state where almost any
with a undergraduate degree in biology can weaponize pathogens
sorry about that I'm gonna play it back again I just I couldn't help it that
that's really the start right I mean there we are already with the the faith
it's a testament to the faith from the start there is a need for a rapid
response it is a valid concern this idea of a pandemic pathogen it's a valid
concern it is a it is a valid need
first off I'm I wish to speak extemporaneously there is an unmet need
for a rapid response capability to allow a global capacity to mitigate the risks
of emerging infectious disease and engineering pathogens that is a valid
concern the technology has developed to the state where almost any with a
undergraduate degree in biology can weaponize pathogens we know here in the
United States is somebody with security clearance in the biocence industrial
complex for the DoD that the binary weapons that were developed by US
military or deployment potentially is countermeasure against the Russian tank
red can be readily reproduced by virtually any biologist in the garage
for any biologist in their garage I mean any garage any biologist in their garage
stop lying it's unbelievable it's unbelievable what he's saying here I
almost feel like I have to play it one more time
first off I wish to speak extemporaneously there is an unmet need for a rapid
response capability to allow a global capacity to mitigate the risks of
emerging infectious disease and engineering pathogens that is a valid
concern the technology has developed to the state where almost any with a
undergraduate degree in biology can weaponize pathogens the United States is
somebody with security clearance in the biocence industrial complex for the DoD
that's the binary weapons that were developed by US military or deployment
potentially is countermeasure against the Russian tank threat can be readily
reproduced by virtually any biologist any so there is a valid threat there is
an unmet need ostensibly this technology was advanced this mRNA or modified
messenger right with nucleic acid base gene therapy vaccination technology was
advanced on short notice because there is an unmet need for a platform I want you
to think about how amazing it is that he needed to use like five words instead
of saying transfection in order to sound really smart like there's a real
specific word for it Bob hits transfection why don't you just say
transfection for shits sake ostensibly this technology was advanced this mRNA
or modified messenger right with nucleic acid base gene therapy vaccination
technology I mean come on because there is an unmet need for a platform
technology that allowed a rapid response capability that's the justification
furthermore the justification was that we had a pathogen based on modeling here in
the UK and Imperial College it had a 3.4% case fatality rate and we would
potentially be we had a pathogen that based on the modeling from UCL he just
cited the model that we know is absolute nonsense was worst case scenario malarkey
as if well this is the model we had we kind of thought it was really spreading
fast so you know we did the best we could with the spreading pathogen holy
this is the end of 2023 ladies and gentlemen I want you to think about how
implausible this video would be to yourself in 2021 or even 2022 you had
never believed it
seeing mass graves people dying in the streets bands full of bodies outside of
hospitals that was all along we knew that was a lie very early on but the
people that spoke the truth that actually gathered the data such as
happened in Stanford that demonstrated that we had a case fatality rate of about
0.02% well okay so then what 3.4% despite having that knowledge making it
having it available in the first quarter early in the first quarter 2020 and it
actually wasn't even that high why why because they were killing people that
fatality rate is based on the ventilation dip shittery and the antibiotics dip
shittery and the Remdesivir dip shittery and all the other dip shittery that went
on for a year and a half is there gonna be no accounting are they not going to
subtract all the things that we now know need to be subtracted from the excess
deaths in order to understand what the mystery virus did are you telling me
that this panel of of eminent experts that includes serial entrepreneur and
inventor of the optic mouse Steve Kersch are not going to do the math well
surprise surprise huh there was a concerted effort to justify the
imposition of this technology in a rapid fashion on the basis of the thesis that
there's a 3.4% case fatality rate associated with this virus what transpired
in that rush was a fundamental reach of both ethics and regulatory norms that
have been developed over decades we're all familiar with this we're all
familiar with and so see we we threw out all the rules and we forced it on
people and we rushed it and because we rushed it and whatever it was screwed
up but let's not throw the baby out with the bathwater at least mRNA worked
pretty well right here comes the policies that have been put in place since
World War II and Nuremberg that humans human beings have the right to inform
consent and what was done here in a haphazard way under the justification
ostensibly that we had to we had to essentially reject throw them to the
rush norms that had been developed over decades both for assuring vaccine
safety and for assuring informed consent patients was all all had to be
jettisoned on short notice because of the threat of a 3.4% case fatality rate
and the need to move a potential countermeasure forward without the new
process that normally what about all those people on the internet that was
saying it was like a red dragon or it was a black swan or a black swan dragon
and a billion people were going to die what about those people where are they
now what are they doing what are they saying you see this is all part of the
same show all part of the same show where people got all excited about the
spike protein the spike protein the spike protein is so designed the spike
protein the spike protein it's got so many different sides the spike proteins
got so many different inserts inside got so excited about it for a year they got
excited about it and people were like yeah but there's they're transfecting
people to the spike right now but the spike in the virus is much worse it was
all a gigantic circus forget us all run around in circles and argue about
things that don't matter when there's nothing really circulating when it's
just a conflated background signal and a bunch of poorly made products that could
have never been up to snuff because they rushed them out all of them not not
just the shot don't you see how ironic it is I've just stumbled upon that right
now if the shots were rushed then oh my goodness were the tests rushed rushed
out if the shots were rushed the lateral flow tests that came into the UK from
China were definitely if you think about it now it's kind of funny it's
definitely they were rushed right so like are they really just gonna complain
about that when the entire the entire drama all of this illusion was created
by a compounding of compounding compounding stories and when all those
stories were happening where was he well he was running around in the
background getting EUAs for people right he was looking for unique
combination of repurposed drugs it might be patentable he was looking to make
money right up until June of 2021 where he decided to come out on Brett
Weinstein's podcast and talk about how they were an example of how hybrid
immunity could work you know with somebody in the middle taking the secret
combination prophylactic Ivermectin and something else and over here Robert
Malone who had been infected and then just like the genius immunologist he is
he decided that you know he'd take the shot anyway and not argue for his own
natural immunity and then he got long COVID from that somehow or something he
didn't take the shot and of course Steve Kirsch was also vaccinated so that's
great nice good job good job guys you saved everybody right you saved everyone
thanks for coming out so early and being so forth right you guys saved so many
people from taking the shot in June of 2021 let's listen as the hero continues
take place that's what transpired and I can tell you you know I'm labeled as
far right and all the pejorative's that we're all so familiar with including
being a conspiracy theorist but all I am a physician and scientist who happened
to have had a role in the genesis of this technology when I was a young man
back in 1987 to 1990 young very very familiar with the technology work is
academic to try to advance it until I determined that I could not overcome
the toxicity associated with it and abandoned it for other technology
platforms which I also developed and then when he came out and said that this
happened he said that well yeah but I took the shot because why well because I
assumed they fixed the problems that I couldn't fix after years of working on
his own creation that was transfection that he invented he decided that he
couldn't overcome these problems abandoned it for other technologies like
electronic laser guns that can shoot DNA directly into your skin and patenting
the idea of mucosal vaccines but never inventing one and in the meantime when
he finally decided to speak out against the danger of lipid nanoparticle based
transfection did he really say it was dangerous did he say anything about why
well he wrote a paper that he didn't publicize and it was about antibody
dependent enhancement which really isn't the same thing as what he just said here
and nobody's even mentioning the fact that two of the lipid nanoparticle
components are completely untested components never been used anywhere
before proprietary new lip it's fun fun fun lots of variables here definitely but
we are we are being handed an illusion if you were gonna say that this is the guy
who came out and said something about it if you don't know the name Knut with
Kowski you weren't even paying attention in 2020 then for real that's a whole
that's a whole story of a man struggling for a year trying to come out
against the narrative of the pandemic and getting his whole life burned and that
was over before 2021 even started and we are at the end of 2023 now do you
understand there's actually a whole history American history here now we are
pertinent five years in certainly if you think of the first the year before the
pandemic is a prep time that everybody needs to go back and watch movies from
so you can see the before time again you can see the absurdity of the
transition that occurred at the start of the pandemic when everybody was back on
their heels that's when this this whole rearrangement of how we think about our
relationship with each other and our biology started to just go haywire
before that there was still there was still some temper it's still it was
still a tempered attempt
but in this case what what I have objected to is that as a physician and
scientist who is well-trained in clinical research and regulatory affairs I
decided to take the shot anyway that we have decimated my my discipline we
have rejected the knowledge that myself has contributed to in all of my peers
and colleagues over decades about how one should do this how one should act
what steps one should take in order to ensure that we have safe and effective
products for humans it's that simple why didn't he say vaccine safe and effective
products he said it's an interesting choice of words and it is pivoting
around of course he started with the faith that now there was a virus oh my
goodness furthermore that we have rejected the norms that have been
developed since World War II to respect human dignity to ensure that human
beings are treated as as humans they are their their autonomy their sovereignty
is respected that they are provided with informed consent instead of informed
consent about the truth of these products and their developmental state
their immature developmental state we were given a series of lives those lives
included that these products were safe and effective of course without actually
qualifying what's safe and effective was you'll recall safe and effective was
repeated again and again and again without stating what that meant okay that's
neuro linguistic program that's psychological operations that's propaganda
we also received the propaganda that these products would remain at the site
of injection and the draining lymph nodes that was known to be a falsehood before
these products were ever deployed into humans furthermore and that's revealed
by the non-clinical data packages from Japan and from Australia that have now
been disclosed okay so we knew that these products deployed all through the
body we knew that they didn't stay where they were injected we were also told
the falsehood that these products in had a molecule this modified ribole nucleic
acid which would only lasted your body for a short period of time we now know
that these products remain in your body remain biologically active for an
undetermined period of time of at least weeks and probably months another long
we were also told that these products were it was necessary that none of us would
be safe until we were all safe this was part of the propaganda campaign to insist
that we all accept these products and that was done by the way in violation of
low-established forms that involved coercion compulsion and enticement ice
creams for children to take your jab or hamburgers or whatever the enticement
was that is illegal that that is not something that is allowed to understand
well-established bioethics it doesn't make it illegal then and it's an it's the
wrong word to use because you can't really prosecute people it's it's against
some fit some treaties in some you know the Helsinki declaration is not really a
code as we move down this you know thing when we talk about bioethics and when he
talks about bioethics you got to take it really with a grain of salt you don't
want to be tempted into believing that he's a lawyer or that he knows what he's
talking about he's he's saying things that are safe to say and it's not illegal
it's against these these codes of conduct and that makes it against norms and
stuff like that but it's not illegal okay so this this series of lives was used to
justify deployment of these experimental products truly now this series of lies
that he just listed did not contain any of the protocols it didn't talk about one
protocol it didn't talk about one alternative source of excess deaths didn't
talk about medazalam in the UK it didn't talk about people being sent back to
nursing homes without antibiotics in America in the UK it didn't talk about
remdesivir in America it did not talk about I mean he is not being precise
enough to represent our side because he's not being precise about the faith and
it's on purpose they're all they're all there on purpose that's why that video
we're gonna go through it in a minute I'll let this one finish and then we'll go
back to that one that we just watched great profit margins no doubt which
were intended to demonstrate safety and effectiveness of a vaccine platform
technology that then according to a hearing in the WHO in 2020 as our call
ended up by Margaret Lou 21 2021 thank you Joe what we're established that this
would become a platform in all it would be necessary in the future would be to
swap in a new RNA sequence okay now we agreed totally with that we've
watched lots of videos and we've asserted that since about the end of 2020
before they even rolled it out we were already asserting that that was going
to be the case when we were using Bill Gates to make that argument now what we
need to resolve no it's not wow it's a vaccine platform technology no no no
it's always been that way we've been saying that for years no there was a
video by Vox already in 2020 which was a cartoon which basically said that
that since the vaccine is only just things that are found in your body
including lip fats and sugars and nucleic acids all they have to do is
swap one of those legos out and you have a new vaccine without having to go
through all this trouble of all this regulatory shit
controversy regarding the toxicities associated with this because we now
clearly know that these are neither safe nor effective we knew at the time
Pfizer knew at the time these products would not prevent infection
they would not prevent replication and spread of the virus now the data is
suggested they don't even augment they certainly don't protect against
death or permit do you even doubt for one second
that he's using the word augment because of us
do you even doubt for one second that that because of our fighting not ours
like me and you and but our side how well we were on the biology that
they're talking about I mean all of this stuff might not have been on
even in the narrative had we not been pushing so consistently for three years
so kudos to all of you who doubted this long enough for this
to get where it is where these people are so off script that they basically
almost have to say it all out loud except for Denny Rancor's data shows
that there was no evidence of spread that's the only part
that all of these people sitting there's just don't seem to be able to get their
tiny heads around everything else is fantastic Denny's a
really nice guy and he found the 17 million people were
killed by the shot we love that finding but this other thing I keep
it's keep slipping my mind I keep forgetting to tweet it
bent against death and disease we all know that but that was what was
asserted at the time and what we need to resolve all the controversy
that swirls around these products and whatever the latest data disclosure is
for governments to just be open and transparent that's like
your message all I'm asking for is that we be
allowed to access in open and transparent fashion
the data which NHS and the health care agencies of the world
have acquired so that those data can be analyzed
so we no longer have to wrestle over whether this data is good or that data
has this law etc etc let's all disclose in an open and
transparent way so that the world scientists can evaluate that data
and put to rest this controversy about whether or not these products are
saying effective not running out of time the current data
of somewhere between 700 and a thousand peer reviewed studies
regarding the safety or lack thereof of these products
clearly demonstrate a series of adverse events
I'm just going to list myocarditis including tachycardia
reproductive health damage when all of the world know about the damage to
their menstrual cycles that's now these are all things that are
widely acknowledged peer reviewed multiple hundreds of studies
reproductive health quite a lot of the including stroke that means blood
clotting of normal blood clotting damage to peripheral
ocular and central nervous systems including stroke
immunologic and oncologic harms which Dr. Cole is going to be speaking about
and the biggest adverse event of all death so in conclusion what we've had
here is a rushed product a rushed technology
a failure to provide and respect for humans
in not allowing them to have informed consent
and furthermore actively deploying the most massive propaganda campaign
in the history of the modern world to suppress
the ability of the public to gain access merely to have the knowledge
of what the adverse event risks are and I come to you
with one request open the books let's see the data
and let's allow those data to be examined so we no longer have to have
this you know these little fights over these little details
we can actually get to the bottom of one of the most important questions
the world is facing right now where these products actually save the
benefit thank you for your time sorry for that
damn that was hot
my read i'm Dr. Cole's body language is something like jet lag
i don't know uh i don't know uh i have a meeting with him i think this
week at some point i'm excited about that um so
that's that's what i wanted to show you um that's all i've got from that one i'm
going to try and find the other ones and take a look at them and see
um and see what i can find in there but i wasn't going to waste
too much show time on that right away um so this video that we just watched
starts with Malone talking about the um maybe
i'll put my head bigger um talks about Malone
and um i'm sorry goes to Malone first
and he says that the products are contaminated and he talks about the
DNA fragmentation contamination as a risk
um and so we knew that that variable was already in there we knew that that
was already going to be something that they wanted to talk about
then um geez i look like a mess i'm sorry i just came in from
basketball so i just um Kirsch then came on and was completely
focused on the vaccines and i think that's really important to note
so Kirsch was very focused on the vaccines as a bad intervention and then
right away pivoted to the censorship and the not allowing people to talk about
stuff and cover up and so very much completely sidestepped the question
of the dangerousness of the virus the the value of natural immunity previous
existing coronavirus immunity a background signal that's been conflated
all of this stuff is just nice and deftly avoided by starting with and
ending with vaccine and censorship um then Corey came on which was pretty
cool and Dr. Corey actually talked about disinformation
from pharma being something that he was familiar with his whole career
and then um i wrote down here sticks and stones may break my bones because
he was complaining about all the names that he gets called on the internet
um ivermectin campaign then right so then he
exclusively talked about how the trials including the ones that were running
the uk were designed to get bad results for ivermectin and make it my vermectin
looked bad and so of course that's why he wrote a book about ivermectin and
tours the world specifically focused on ivermectin because that is
really his part of the train um and then
david martin came on i don't know why that's taken so long i guess they had a lot
more they had a lot more talking to do it's just
playing then david martin came on he started with the
2002 patent for infectious replication incompetent clones
which um here's steve curse with the suit that's too big for him
um i'm only making fun of him because i know what that looks like i always
have suits that are too big for me because like unless i get them fitted then
they're always like a little wider on the shoulder than they should be and i'm
like from the 80s when we used to have a little pad in there it was at the 90s
but we used to have a little shoulder pad in there i bet steve curse like that too
he's probably got one in there right now um
so he's vaccine focused bad intervention and censorship
um and then uh kori comes on disinformation ivermectin and i'm sorry
martin so he started with this 2002 patent thing
and he talks about infectious replication incompetent clones now
the reason why that's really interesting to me is because a replication
incompetent clone is exactly what you would use to see the pandemic
exactly what you would use to put in these places where you wanted the
the signal of the molecular biological sequence that you're calling the virus
you wanted that sequence to be very easily found
then the way you would do it is with a infectious replication incompetent
clone and anybody that had been hit with that clone
would have a high quantity of this RNA in their system
because it's infectious it will make protein but it's replication
incompetent so it can't assemble its genome into new
competent variants which is really an interesting thing to say
because we've already talked about how large of a proportion potentially
of a viral swarm is replication incompetent particles in fact we've
heard robert melon say on videos that the vast majority of those
particles are replication incompetent so a
infectious replication incompetent clone is actually
maybe a pretty apt description of what you would expect to get if you took the
RNA sequence best guess from a sample in nature made it up using recombinant
DNA and then it didn't really make replication competent particles
that's what you'd call it and if you looked in there you could find s
protein and n protein and m protein and you could find
exosomes that had some of these proteins on them
and so yes there are things being made and stuffs happening and cells are
are blubbing maybe dying maybe cytotoxic effects are visible
but it's replication incompetent it's the perfect
perfect seeding event it's a weapon but it's a weapon that might make people
sick might not but what it will do for sure
is it will make that that RNA in sufficient quantity and sufficient
purity so that when you use RTPCR to find it
you get an answer like Sohomich county man
whose data can then be very conveniently used for 3d models
for local vaccines it can even be sent up to absolera and used
for the his samples can even be sent up to absolera
and used for their antibody search with all these B cell
in microfluidics
and that's indeed what happened according to
the article that Marcus archived and read today
so as we keep digging and recycling and rereading and reconnecting things on
our three-dimensional map in our brains we start to understand that all of
these people have to know more about it than they say they know
all of these people have been in too close of proximity during their previous
careers for them not to know all of them have been
in too close of proximity from 2020 until now
they've been at too many of these events they've flown to too many foreign
countries together they've eaten at too many breakfasts they've
sat in too many hot tubs and they've taken too many pictures of their damn
shoes
so he says that the patents and then the model of coronavirus has been
manipulated so it's like he's almost saying it it's
exactly like what we saw with Alex Zek's video
where he's almost explaining it but he's not explaining it
I really can't explain it out loud because I'm stuck in a legal paradigm
and I have to talk in legal terms so otherwise I can't really explain what
an infectious clone means but very simply an infectious clone
means that they can put any sequence of RNA anywhere they want to
it might make viral proteins and make people sick but more importantly it will
be findable
and findables all you need from the perspective of trying to see the
pandemic narrative so if this really was a national security event
designed to make people think that there was a coronavirus just like
Martin said the model of coronavirus has been
hijacked or used for this the model of coronavirus is that we can find
them around the world using sequencing
so if you're going to use this model as a weapon
you're going to put these sequences in people and claim that they're findable
then you're going to use other methodologies that you're going to say are
equivalent that actually just map on the background
and throw everybody for a loop
that's how they did it it's so blatantly obvious
it's so blatantly obvious that this scenario any of these three scenarios
is just not what happened because RNA can't do that the only way you could
get this kind of fidelity is if it was already there in the background
and the only way you could get this kind of fidelity from local sequencing
across the world at the same time is if you use clones to get it there
there's no other way because if I had the virus in my
house and it skipped to the the neighbor's house it would
already be very much different than it was in our house not the same
variant not one amino acid d d 614 g come on humanoids
it's time to rise up these people have told us a mythological
bedtime story forced us to stay at home and listen to it over and over and
over again that doesn't make it true it makes it a
faith a faith in a novel virus where we've defeated
disease and epidemics in the past using vaccination which we now I think most
of us have really realized that's a grossly exaggerated
simplified version of history novel coronaviruses can jump from other
species and can pandemic is a mythology they cannot pandemic
false positives are not rare
positives are not rare you see false positives
are not rare and positives are not rare that's the
background virus if there is a background signal
and your PCR works fairly well then there aren't a lot of
false positives but there are a lot of positives
asymptomatic spread is not real asymptomatic spread is that background
signal that you expect to be there we should have expected it to be there
from 2020 more people should have done known better
variants are evidence of spread and continuing evolution of a single
SARS virus is absurd and since we have absolutely
zero data about any circulating coronavirus with any fidelity at all before
2020 we can't claim this fidelity now
well we do spend money on gain of function research but nothing ever
happens there
we've got to free our cell oh I miss the train we've got to free ourselves from
this this cosmic train here we've got to free ourselves from this illusion
because if this train pulls out of the station with our kids in it
okay if this faith in a novel virus is a train that our kids get on
while they're playing fortnite and roadblocks and call of duty
if them and their friends because of their parents friends parents parents
or whatever get on this train and start to believe that well the pandemic did
happen it probably was a lab leak and it's definitely going to happen again
I mean listen to Robert Malone listen to Pierre Corey listen to Ryan Cole
listen to uh Peter McCullough it's going to happen again
because this was a gain of function virus this had a dangerous spike protein
that they manipulated with all kinds of new things in it
like a Swiss army knife if our children get on this train they're never coming
back humanity's never going to come back
that's why we've got to call it a lie like really what it is not a
it's not a misnomer or a you know it's not a misleading story or an
exaggeration it's a lie
and the lie is being told because we are at a time point where human diversity
is at a peak for all time there will never be this many people with this
many genomes this many potential babies again
now you can look at it in a couple different ways i'm going to give you a
couple different angles because i don't want you to think that i think i
haven't figured out there's a couple different angles the first one is
is that they realize that the multiracial
multicultural multi ethnic western society people like me
people like Mark Koolack who genetically are so far from perium i
will call us a milkshake or uh or a um uh i don't know what are we
well i'm a mix right i'm a very big mix of things because my father's a big mix
and my mom is actually a mix i mean this the short story is my mom's
Filipino but that's actually that's actually wrong she's only half
Filipino her father was from india very dark indian man
that's the reason why two generations later i'm still
dark and my daughter got it my boys didn't get it
unfortunately but my daughter's almost darker than me
and that that mixture that unique genetic background
from an immunological perspective is actually a
that doesn't help them at all what they learn about my immune system from my
genes actually will be relatively useless for someone that doesn't have my
background or something very similar to it which is not hard
not easy to find. Mark Koolack might have the same varied
background where in the end the assembly of genes that is
Mark Koolack in some ways is extremely useful because it's such a beautiful
and unique example of of what that pattern integrity
can result in but then how does that data set how could that data set have
been fed into a general database in order to
enrich it to understand the expression of the human genome i don't think it
really well it could like i said i'm trying to display
or i'm trying to give you two different sides of it you can see that
diversity is being very valuable to these people
or or you could see that they think very reductionist still
and that they think that you know like we made progress in mice and like we
make progress in some monkeys we're going to need to make progress in
humans that's more like that and so in order to do that we need to
make progress medically and understanding
humans that are more genetically homologous
and homogenous so that the results that we get will bring
will bring the signal out of the noise
because if the if the variation in the genetic diversity of the united states
here well i'm not a weatherman if the genetic diversity in the united states
here for example is so great that you would need
let's say five billion of those people in order to
average out all of the variation whereas
in in china the genetic variation is lower and so you actually
would need less of those people as medical subjects to get to any
reasonable statistical conclusion now i'm not saying these statistical
conclusions are right i'm not saying the reductionist biology is a great idea
i'm not saying it i'm just trying to suggest
that you can think about how this time point
and it's it's the truth of this time point could be leveraged
from their perspective they've got about
the the generation after our own so they've got my kids
kids and then after that this is all going to go down right
this maybe even already with my kids kids it's going to go down
and so they need those babies to sign up or do they
or do they just want these babies or just just these babies
or just these babies down here or just these babies in iceland
or you know whatever i don't i don't know what their plan is
but i assure you that these are the issues that they've thought about these
are the things that are motivating them because as we
move forward to this smaller population that's inevitably going to come
and as we because of the resources that are being necessarily shrank on purpose
population is going to go down they're encouraging our kids not to have
babies they're trying to make having babies seem like all it's impossible
if you can't buy a car how can you have kids
it's extraordinary
but i assure you that this is at the center
the biological truth of the matter is that there will never be more
humans available for experimentation and genetically genetic diversity
available again this is this generation or the next one
is the last chance for them to invert our sovereignty
into permissions in order to access and archive as much of this data as
possible waiting another generation will essentially
miss this window and potentially miss it forever because again
this mythology has been put in place over many
many years or even decades and once it starts to collapse it's not going to
just kind of sit there it's going to collapse
and so if they don't get us over this get our kids onto the train and the
train out of the station in the next five years it'll never get out of the
station that's why i think that's such a
an apt um cartoon to end with because i do really think all we have to do is
keep our kids off the train and we might be all right
the question is how many you know can we wake up and keep them off the train
because if the vast majority of humankind gets on that train then
living on earth will be a very very uh terrible
terrible thing relative to what we experienced when we were kids you know i
i was all about
you know class rings and and letterman's jackets and
and dances and my son is uh my sons are not
it doesn't feel like they're growing up in that world anymore and
and their concerns are a lot more
incongruent with what i think their life should be about
so let's get our act together ladies and gentlemen
the book came out today this book is now available on amazon please buy a
copy because i'm in it in lots of places and it's probably going to ruin my life
but that's all right um if you want to see just a
little something something here not me bragging i'm just showing you how
the the stuff is actually going to hit the fan here
um wonder if i can do this does this work
yep uh so what what what what i do check this out so
this book would not have been possible without the expertise and invaluable
insights provided by jonathan jay cooey phd that's pretty
it might just be accidental um but that's uh that's pretty dope
um and let's see if we look back here in the indexy
dixie you can see that uh your your favorite
mentally ill biologist is here and i've got several numbers which seem to
curiously overlap with the coronavirus sections
so um hopefully we won't get ignored and uh just to make sure you know that
i wasn't telling a fib the other night on page 441
you can see here um as jonathan jay or jonathan cooey said no
actual virus would even be necessary so
it's all in there is more or less in there you know the clones are in there
um they might be imperfect but they're in there uh and if you put it
put all my parts and all my quotes together it's actually not such a bad
contribution to the book so let's see if we did everything we wanted to do here
i do have a sore throat i'm not i don't think i'm getting another
nodule or something like that i have a sore throat i it's it's something else
oh yeah martin brought up the model for pathogen control
and uh also said that the rockefeller foundation and the welcome trust were
involved in this which i thought was neat and then melone came back and he said
he's not a conspiracy theorist everybody went through a major trauma
which is of course what they wanted us to do that i should really have maridith
miller back on after a year or so of not seeing her and talking to her she was
really good at explaining how they did it and what they actually did which
was make us go through a trauma um and then
he really ended with or started his his comments to uh parliament with this
rapid response need um and a is a really valid concern and that's
also actually the story that he told when he was on bobby's podcast with me
he used 40 minutes to say that this warm base of manufacturing was necessary
in order to respond to a bioterrorism threat um so it's very very very curious
um very very very curious uh but you know we'll see
please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate
the control group by any means necessary um intramuscular injection of any
combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system
is dumb transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and
viruses are not patterned integrity so i think um these are the way
right now at least this is my best compass for the way forward
i'm just going to try and talk to people about this over the next few weeks and
see if i can get more um yeah just get get more succinct in my
presentation of it so just to make sure everybody knows
at three o'clock eastern time on thursday which is not tomorrow
because tomorrow is wednesday right i'm getting really confused because michael
palmer asked me if i was going to speak tomorrow no it's really
tuesday and so thursday i'm going to be speaking to the doctors for covid
ethics which is the other group um there's medical doctors for covid
ethics international and i've spoken to them a few times and doctors for
covid ethics is the other one um and that that was
originally one group that split into two so i was also a member of that an
attending member of that group and at some point it just got to be too
many meetings and i kind of dropped out of that one
um but they put together um michael palmer
uh sukred bakti and uh a couple fell uh a fellow from uh chd
and brian hooker wrote a um i apologize margo i don't remember your last name
but um wrote this book about the mr and a
transfection i think it's a pretty decent book and that was from this group
and so i will be speaking to that group on thursday afternoon at three o'clock
so my stream will be at three o'clock on thursday
um and i don't have the slides done yet but i am
preparing a new slide deck and i'm going to use it for that one and it's going to
be basically a 30 000 foot view of what we've been talking about but i'm going
to say things that i haven't said on stream yet it's going to be
unless i get it done early and then maybe i'll practice on you tomorrow
night but um thursday doctors for covid
ethics uh and um i don't know we'll see what else is
coming up i have a lot of offers for people to come on the stream and talk
but uh it's hard for me to schedule those things with basketball and everything
so i'm just kind of trying to chill um things are going to ramp up pretty
quick though and so um you see that i'm starting to put
shorts on twitter um i'm going to also start posting them
on the soapbox but right now i'm still getting a lot more bites
on twitter and it's easier for me right there it's only
easier though teds who don't get mad um i'm gonna be on soapbox too
and i want everybody to eventually go there um but for now a lot of the
shenanigans still take place on twitter so i'm trying my best
to kind of gaze in the water just a little bit just to see what's there to
make sure that these people are still meddling in the way that i expect
them to and then i kind of just ignore them
um because they will do what they will do right and we've got things that we've
got to do and so that's what we're doing um thank you very much for joining me
and i will see you again tomorrow
so
honey and vinegar says bamela honey and vinegar
thank you very much guys i really appreciate everything and
this is from you pamela this one of those it was in the bag
uh it works really well for basketball because it's light
it's orange which is one of the colors of the school so it kind of makes me
look like i bought it on purpose so thank you very much i'll see you guys
again tomorrow thanks thanks thanks
yeah everything's dutch orange baby dutch orange rocks
good night everybody thank you. 135 holy cow that's awesome!